---
title: "CV - Atom"
date: 2017-9-16
categories:
  - About
tags:
  - Resume
---

## 2010- 2020, China

Over the past decade, I have been involved in the IT and E-commerce sectors within the Agri-food supply chain, also extended to plant based/ artificial meat industry and catering. I’ve served as an operations expert of Fresh Food Department in several internet companies, including Alibaba.

I’ve dedicated one-third of my career to volunteering in environmental and rural areas with over 10 non-profit organizations, including Community-Supported Agriculture (CSA) of China, Compassion in World Farming (CIWF), and the Coursera translator community.



### 2021, Ukraine

I created Agri-food business for investors in Kyiv, while participating to renovate & operate large agricultural/forestry/pastoral/fishery farms that remained from the Soviet Union era in central Ukraine.

### Current situation

**Since March 2022, Europe**

Due to the terrible social and political circumstances in both Ukraine and China that I can’t go back to easily, I was forced to go into exile in Europe. I wish A Bright Future and Peaceful World !

I actively prepare for business startups, work visas, and skills certification exams, looking for friends, non-profits organizations, entrepreneurs, partners, ideas, business opportunities, etc. through networking in the meanwhile.

During turbulent exile, I am committed to explore the open source software market, and work with [MegaEase Cloud](https://megaease.com/).

### Why named Atom?

My Chinese last name is Tao, almost every foreigner call me Tom that is easier to pronounce and memory, I used to live and work with a lot of Cantonese people who called me A Tom.

What’s more, the text and code editor I use most often is [Atom](https://atom.io) which is developed by Github.

So, I decide to use this name.

## Careers

> I always have been working hard for better Quality, Safety, Efficiency, Health, Comfort, and Eco-kindness industry.

10+ years experience for Social Impact, CSR, CRM, and Marketing in both Commerce and Charity sectors.

### Skills & Training: IT & E-commerce

I majored in E-commerce, a Diploma of Collegial Studies (DCS).

Mainly engaged in IT, (software)product operation, prototype, (front end)Web development, (CRM)customer relationship management, digital marketing, and social media, etc. Connect multiple sectors such as software R\&D, (UX)user experience design, Marketing, Public Relations, Human Resources, and Finance and Legal issues. I am doing well at document-driven teamwork in a cross-cultural environment and keep pace with cutting-edge trends in technical applications such as operating systems, cloud services, web security, programming frameworks, and remote collaboration.

[Education: Skills\&Training](edu.md)

### Business: Agriculture & Food

Since March 2010, I have been working in the organic agriculture, fresh food (fast-moving consumer goods), and catering services. I have experienced the whole process from production base to marketing urban household (from seed to table) . I used to be an operation expert and product manager in fresh Agri-Food Dept. for some TOP3-5 E-commerce giant monsters in China, such as Alibaba, Netease and Yonghui superstores.

In the mean while, I joined in project management, product innovation, branding, sensory evaluation, food safety, quality management system and standard certification, etc. I am familiar with almost every key point on the process of the upper, middle, and lower reaches in the whole food supply chain, which connecting multiple departments such as manufacturing, distribution, customer service.

Moreover, I have provided training and consultation on the industry of agriculture + E-commerce for dozens of local governments, enterprises, and NGOs.

[Resume: Business](resume-business.md)

### Social Activities: Non-profits

Since October 2006, I used to participate in the United Nations Environment conference, maintained frequent co-working with relevant foundations and think tanks.

Due to my frequent job hopping, I have ( many gap years)1/3 careers on volunteering environment, animal & Rural issues for 10+ NGOs(non-profits), such as, UNEP, CSA(community-supported agriculture), CIWF(compassion in world farming), China Green Development Foundation, Coursera Translator Community, etc.

The NGOs require the coworkers to be familiar with international social issues, eg. climate change, rural development (agriculture, farmers), SDGs, and (CSR) corporate social responsibility, and which are good at introducing innovative designs into commercial products with good social influence.

I co-worked with think tanks on data visualization and analysis of animal production and consumption, particularly in the context of Global Vs. China dynamics.

I have watched most of the renowned environmental documentaries of BBC, I also trained volunteers to translate and compiled more than 120 short popular science videos and MOOCs.

My main topics are, environmental protection, biology, agriculture, food safety, health, and sustainable development, animal welfare in mainland China.

[Resume: Social Activities](resume.md)
