---
title: "FAQ"
date: 2021-12-4
categories:
  - About
tags:
  - Resume
---


Dec 4, 2021


### Favourite movies?

Many favorites, eg. Forrest Gump, 3 idiots. but I don’t watch movies usually.

The most favourites are environmental documentary films, eg. BBC series, Blue Planet, etc.

I changed my job to the Agriculture industry since I was deeply impacted by these films with high scores reviews that changed my worldview, help me rethinking the sci-tech, modern life, and the power of industry.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food,\_Inc](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food,_Inc)

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home\_(2009\_film)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home_\(2009_film\))

Highly recommended to all of the people, I watched many times.

### Favourite music?

Jazz, country folk, Classic, Modern, any style sounds good.

### Favourite food?

I prefer Vegetables, fruits more than meat. I am not addicted to coffee, tea, alcohol, tobacco or any food, am I boring?

I am not a strict picky eater and I follow the famous mantra: eat local, fresh and seasonal, In the context of the pollution and destruction of the planet by modern industry, this slogan is popular in the rethinking movement of industrial food.

When somebody asks me, what's your favourite food or music etc. ? I always can not answer at once.

### Passionated topics?

Environment, agri-food, politics, etc. those fields are related to my daily job for many years.

### Hobbies and interests?

Sports, Outdoor activities, Reading.

### What's your dress sense and physical appearance?

Athletic, Sunny, Young

### Do you have a sense of humour?

some humour is offensive to others easily, so I am good at Self-laugh or Self-deprecating.

### What's your personality?

Frank, honest, smart, High IQ, low EQ\&SQ, kind-hearted

### Which kind of life partner do you dream of?

Wish her lovely, healthy, sunny.

The perfect match is a good learner, well self-educated, independent thinking, smart, open-minded, broad vision. We can create our own's new world together that will be out of imagination, cracking the impossibilities and traditional framework.

### Where do you like to travel?

I have been travelled over a decade of countries in Europe and Asia, would like to be a digital nomad everywhere.

### How would you spend the weekend?

Take care of all the housework, prepare good food and enjoy life.

### If language is different, how can you understand each other?

Of course, suppose we are disabled - dumb and mute people can not hear or speak, but we can understand each other by body language.

Language can not be barrier for communication.
